Edit: Topology 2.0 (#390)
thesofproject/sof-docs: developer_guides/topology2/topology2.rst

This is a high-level keyword extension on top of the existing ALSA conf topology format designed
to:

> * Simplify the ALSA conf topology definitions by providing high level "classes". Topology

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Simplify the ALSA conf topology definitions by providing high level "classes". In this way, Topology designers can write less configurations for commonly defined objects. 
```

		}
	}

The ``data`` class definition belonging to the ``base`` class group contains two attributes,
name and bytes, both of type ``string``. By default, all attributes have the ``integer`` type, unless
specified otherwise, like in the example above. Currently, topology 2.0 supports only ``integer`` and
``string`` types for attributes.

The attribute qualifiers are used to describe how to instantiate an object from the class definition
and validate the attribute values.

In the above definition, the ``constructor`` array tells the compiler how to build the object's name.
A data object instantiated with the name ``EQIIR-Coefficients`` will be given the name
``data.EQIIR-Coefficients``, that is the class name followed by '.' followed by the constructor attribute
values separated by '.'.

> The ``unique`` qualifier indicates that multiple data objects instantiated within the same alsaconf node should

Author: @ranj063,  I've replaced "two" with "multiple" in this paragraph. Please verify that I did not change what you meant.

have unique values for their ``name`` attribute. If two data objects are instantiated within the same alsaconf

> node with the same ``name`` attribute, there will be no errors. But the two object instances will be merged,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
node with the same ``name`` attribute, errors will not occur, but the two object instances will be merged. Additionally, the attribute 
```

And the attribute values in the second instance will override the attribute values in the first one. Therefore, it is the topology

> writer's responbility to ensure that multiple instances within the same parent node have different unique attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
writer's responsibility to ensure that multiple instances within the same parent node have different unique attribute
```

 
* **Deprecated:** Attributes that have been deprecated and should not be set in the object instance.

> * **Automatic:** Attributes which values are computed by the alsatplg compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Automatic:** Attributes whose values are computed by the alsatplg compiler.
```

	}

This ensures that all child objects within the volume-playback object will inherit the

> index attribute value from it. So the pga widget object will have the same index. And by the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
index attribute value from it. So the pga widget object will have the same index. By the same
```
